Rewrote the Manage Workspaces doc to be more focused (#227)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/04_deploy/01_manage-workspaces.md

---
title: "Manage Workspaces and Deployments on Astronomer"
navTitle: "Create a Workspace"
description: "Manage Astronomer Workspaces and Airflow Deployments via the Astronomer UI."
---

## Overview

A Workspace is the highest level of organization on Astronomer. From a Workspace, you can manage a collection of Airflow Deployments and manage other users' access to those Deployments. New Workspaces can be created using the **New Workspace** button on in the sidebar of the Astronomer UI.  

This guide walks through the best practices for creating and managing Workspaces as a Workspace admin. It's organized by the 4 tabs you can access from the Workspace menu in the Astronomer UI:

* Deployments
* Settings
* Users
* Service Accounts

## Deployments

> The most important function of Workspaces is creating and managing access to Airflow Deployments: instances of Airflow that you've spun up either via the Astronomer UI or [CLI](/docs/enterprise/stable/develop/cli-quickstart/). To create a new Deployment, click the **New Deployment** button in the **Deployments** tab and configure its settings. For more information on configuring Deployment settings, read [Configure a Deployment](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/configure-deployment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important function of Workspaces is creating and managing access to one or more Airflow Deployments. An Airflow Deployment is an instance of Apache Airflow that consists of a Scheduler, Webserver, and one or more Workers if you're running the Celery or Kubernetes Executors. To create a new Deployment, click the **New Deployment** button in the **Deployments** tab or read [CLI Quickstart](/docs/enterprise/stable/develop/cli-quickstart/) for instructions on how to create one from the command line. For more information on configuring Deployment settings and resources, read [Configure a Deployment](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/configure-deployment).
```

Author: Reworded this slightly (with regards to the CLI Quickstart)

> The **Deployments** tab also contains information on all of your existing Deployments, including names, Executor types, and Deployment status. A blue dot next to a Deployment's name indicates that the Deployment is still spinning up, while a green dot indicates that the Deployment is fully operational:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Deployments** tab also contains information on all of your existing Deployments, including name, Executor type, and Deployment status. A blue dot next to a Deployment's name indicates that the Deployment is still spinning up, while a green dot indicates that the Deployment is fully operational:
```

![Deployment Tab](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/astronomer-ui/v0.12-deployments.png)

> Deployments cannot be used or shared across Workspaces. While you’re free to push local DAGs and code anywhere you wish at any time, there is currently no way to move an existing Airflow instance from one Workspace to another once deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployments cannot be used or shared across Workspaces. While you’re free to push local DAGs and code anywhere you wish at any time, there is currently no way to move an existing Airflow Deployment from one Workspace to another once created.
```

An exact breakdown of user roles and their respective levels of access can be found in [Manage User Permissions on an Astronomer Workspace](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions/).

> In addition, Enterprise admins can add or remove specific permissions for each type of user role. For more information on this feature, read [Customize Permissions](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/manage-platform-users#customize-permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, Enterprise System Admins can add or remove specific permissions for each type of user role. For more information on this feature, read [Customize Permissions](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/manage-platform-users#customize-permissions).
```

## Service Accounts

In the **Service Accounts** tab, you can create a new Service Account to push code and deploy to your Workspace's Airflow Deployments via a Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) tool of your choice.

> Creating a Service Account at the Workspace level allows you to deploy to multiple Airflow deployments with one code push, while creating them at the Deployment level ensures that your CI/CD pipeline only deploys to one particular deployment on Astronomer. For more information on this feature, read [Deploy via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/ci-cd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a Service Account at the Workspace level allows you to deploy to multiple Airflow Deployments with one code push, while creating them at the Deployment level ensures that your CI/CD pipeline only deploys to a single Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. For more information on this feature, read [Deploy via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/ci-cd).
```
